what is the density of the new york ?
what states border states that border states that border states that border texas ?
which is the lowest point of the states that the mississippi runs through ?
what is the maximum elevation of san francisco ?
what is the smallest state that borders the most states ?
what states border the state that borders the most states ?
what is the largest of the state that the rio grande runs through ?
which state has the lowest point that borders idaho ?
which is the highest peak not in alaska ?
what states high point are higher than that of colorado ?
which states have points that are higher than the highest point in texas ?
what are the high points of states surrounding mississippi ?
what is the size of the largest state in the usa ?
which state has the highest peak in the country ?
what state borders the least states excluding alaska and excluding hawaii ?
what state borders the least states ?

what state borders most other states ?
which state borders the most states ?
which state borders most states ?
what state borders the most states ?

where is the most populated area of new mexico ?

which state has the smallest area that borders texas ?

which state is the largest city in montana in ?
what state has the most major cities ?
what states border the state with the most cities ?
which state has the most major cities ?
how many states have cites named austin ?
whats the largest city ?
which states have a major city named austin ?
what states border the state with the most major cities ?
what states border the states with the most cities ?
what is the smallest city of the smallest state in the us ?
what state has the most cities ?

what state which the mississippi runs through has the largest population ?
what states border states that border the state with the largest population ?
which us city has the highest population density ?
what is the population in boston ?
what are the populations of states which border texas ?
what is the population density of south dakota ?
what is the population of springfield south dakota ?

what state has the largest capital ?
which states capital city is the largest ?

what state has the smallest capital ?

what states have a capital that is the highest point in the state ?

what is capital of the state with the lowest point ?

which capitals are not major cities ?

which state capital has the smallest population ?

what is the capital of the state that borders the state that borders texas ?

how many states border on the state whose capital is boston ?

what is the size of the capital of texas ?

which states border the longest river in the usa ?

which rivers do not run through usa ?

which states lie on the largest river in the united states ?

what rivers are in states that border texas ?

what is the smallest state that the mississippi river runs through ?

which rivers run through states with fewest cities ?

what river runs through the state with the most cities ?

which rivers run through states that border the state with the capital austin ?

what is the total length of all rivers in the usa ?

what rivers traverses the state which borders the most states ?
what river traverses the state which borders the most states ?

what rivers run through austin texas ?

which rivers run through the state with the largest city in the us ?

what state has no rivers ?

what rivers run through the state with the lowest point in the usa ?
which rivers run through the state with the lowest elevation in the usa ?

what state contains the highest point of those the colorado river traverses ?

what river runs through the most states ?
which river runs through the most states ?
which river traverses most states ?
what river traverses the most states ?
which river runs through most states ?
what river flows through the most states ?
which river goes through the most states ?

which is the density of the state that the largest river in the united states runs through ?

what states contain at least one major rivers ?

what states have rivers running through them ?

what state has the most rivers running through it ?
which state has the most rivers ?
what state is the state with the most rivers ?
which state has the most rivers running through it ?
what state has the most rivers ?
which state contains most rivers ?

what state has the most major rivers running through it ?
which state has the most major rivers ?
which state has the most major rivers running through it ?

what are the lakes in states bordering texas ?

name the major lakes in michigan .



what are the major lakes in the united states ?
select lake.name from lake where lake.area > 3000;

show me all the major lakes in the us .
select lake.name from lake where lake.area > 3000;

which states border the missouri river ?
select river.traverse from river where river.river_name='missouri';

what states border the mississippi river ?
select river.traverse from river where river.river_name='mississippi';

what is the area of seattle ?
select state.area from state where state.state_name='seattle';

how many people live in minneapolis minnesota ?
select city.population from city where city.city_name='minneapolis';
