Find all movies directed by "Steven Spielberg" after 2006
Who is the director of the movie "Catch Me If You Can"?
Find the actor who played "Captain Miller" in the movie "Saving Private Ryan"
What is the genre of the movie "Jurassic Park"?
Who was the director of the movie Joy from 2015?
Who acted "John Nash" in the movie "A Beautiful Mind"?
Find all movies written by "Matt Damon"
Find all movies written and produced by "Woody Allen"
Find all movies featuring "Kate Winslet"
What was the budget of the movie Juno from 2007?
Find all comedies produced in year 2015
Who was the actor that played "Vinny Gambini" in the movie "My Cousin Vinny"?
Find all actors born in "Los Angeles" after 1980
Find all movies by directors born in "Los Angeles"
What company produced the movie "Juno"?
Find all movies that were produced by Netflix
Find all actors who were born in "New York City" in 1984
Find all movies about Persians
Who are the actors born in "New York City" after 1990?
Find all movies produced by "Walt Disney" after 2010
Find all movies featuring "Benedict Cumberbatch"
Which movies did "Alfred Hitchcock" direct?
Find all movies about Autism
Find all movies directed by "Woody Allen" and featuring "Scarlett Johansson"
What are all the tv series created by "Shonda Rhimes"?
Who acts "Olivia Pope" in the series Scandal?
What are all the movies directed by "Quentin Tarantino" featuring "Christoph Waltz"?
Who directed the movie "Inglourious Basterds"?
Who is the writer of the movie "Django Unchained"
What are the series featuring "Kerry Washington"?
What are all the movies featuring "Kerry Washington"?
Find the directors of all movies featuring "Kate Winslet"
Find the producers of all movies in which "Kate Winslet" is an actor
What are the series in which "Scott Foley" is an actor?
What company produced the series Scandal?
Find all tv series produced by Netflix
Find all movies produced by Netflix
Find all movies featuring Kevin Spacey
Who is the director of the series "House of Cards" produced by Netflix?
Who is the director of the tv series "House of Cards" from 2013?
Find all movies in which "Robin Wright" appears
Find all the female actors from Austin
Find all actors from Austin born after 1980
How many movies are there that are directed by "Steven Spielberg" and featuring "Matt Damon"?
Find all actors from Italy born after 1980
Find all the female actors born in "New York City" after 1980
Find all the female actors in the movie "Saving Private Ryan"
Who acts as "Alan Turing" in the movie "The Imitation Game"?
Who is the actor playing "Alan Turing" in "The Imitation Game"?
What year was the movie "The Imitation Game" produced
Find all movies about Iraq war
Find all the directors who are from Afghanistan
Give me the name of all the actors from Afghanistan
Who is the writer of "The Truman Show"
List all the Sci-Fi movies which released in 2010
Find the actors who played in the movie "Camp X-Ray"
Find all actors from Canada who acted in "James Bond" movies
List "James Bond" directors
find all films in which "Rowan Atkinson" acted as "Mr. Bean"
List all the movies directed by "Asghar Farhadi" in which "Taraneh Alidoosti" played
where is the director of "the past" from
who acted the role of "Mr. Bean"
what are the genres of movies directed by "Asghar Farhadi"
Which movie had the character "Daffy Duck"
which company funded the "Mickey Mouse" series
What are the major roles in the movie "Daddy Long Legs"
List all male directors who worked with the "NBCUniversal" company
What are the movies related to nuclear weapons
List all the directors of movies about nuclear weapons
